As part of DWI's terms of use, automated scraping of the site is not allowed
without express permission.  Below is my email to DWI requesting permission,
and DWI's response allowing me to host this scraper.  Please be aware that
while this code is open source, it should not be used to scrape DWI's site
without permission.


================================================================================
04/02/2012
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello,


So far, I have bought all my photograph gear from DWI, and recently I bought a
wide-angle lens from you.  While I was doing my research for this wide-angle
lens, I found it quite difficult to compare the lenses on your site because
there are no sorting options.

Being a programmer, I decided that I could experiment with presenting these
lenses in a different way, so I wrote a small wesite to visualise your lenses a
bit differently.  This wesite is currently hosted so you can see it, but after
I had created it, I realized that I am violating your "Terms and Conditions of
Use" by downloading your content - unless I have written consent from you:
"DWI grants you a limited licence to access and make personal use of this
website, but not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any
portion of it, except with expressed written consent from the Company."

Please keep in mind, I am not profitting from this work at all, it is all open
source, and I consider this to be great marketing for you, as it only contains
your products, not your competitors, and links straight to your product pages
where people can buy directly from you.  So, please take a look at what I have
created and with your permission I will continue to host it, otherwise I will
take the site down upon your request.


Thank you for your consideration, Steve


================================================================================
06/02/2012
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Steve,

Thank you for contacting us.  Weâ€™ve checked and there is no issue with the code
that is being used at the stage, provided there will be no changes. Any changes
will require further approval and we may retract this at any time.

For further changes, please inform us.

Please email us for any further inquiries.

Best regards,

Geoff
Digital World International
